dev/reference: add some description about max_execution_time (#1430)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/mysql-variables.md

| time_zone | GLOBAL \| SESSION | the time zone of the database |
| tx_isolation | GLOBAL \| SESSION | the isolation level of a transaction |
| hostname | NONE | the hostname of the TiDB server |
| max\_execution\_time | GLOBAL \| SESSION |  the execution timeout for a statement, in milliseconds |

> Note, unlike MySQL, the `max_execution_time` system variable currently works on all kinds of statements in TiDB, it's not only restricted to the `select` statement. The precision of the timeout value is roughly 100ms, that means the statement may not be terminated in accurate milliseconds as you specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, unlike MySQL,  the `max_execution_time` system variable currently works on all kinds of statements in TiDB, and it's not only restricted to the `SELECT` statement. The precision of the timeout value is roughly 100ms. This means the statement might not be terminated in accurate milliseconds as you specified.
```

> Note that, unlike MySQL, the `max_execution_time` system variable currently works on all kinds of statements in TiDB, and it's not only restricted to the `SELECT` statement. The precision of the timeout value is roughly 100ms. This means the statement might not be terminated in accurate milliseconds as you specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> Unlike in MySQL, the `max_execution_time` system variable currently works on all kinds of statements in TiDB, not only restricted to the `SELECT` statement. The precision of the timeout value is roughly 100ms. This means the statement might not be terminated in accurate milliseconds as you specify.
```
